---
layout: project
type: project
image: images/Leadership.jpg
title: Leadership
permalink: projects/leadership
date: 2020-09-05
labels: Leadership
---
When I entered highschool I didn’t know what I wanted to do and what to  expect, I just knew that it would be a new world for me. I was happy to enter highschool and that is where  I planned everything. I met a lot of people that helped me succeed and be the person I am today.  I joined the “business pathway” I wanted to be in business and I never thought that one day I would change my mind and pursue computer science. I had fun in my whole highschool career. As they say, highschool is crazy but fun and I experienced that. I was involved in a lot of school activities and clubs. I was active when it came to school, I also became an officer for a lot of clubs, joined “early college” which I first took my ICS class but it was hard because I wasn't able to focus. I didn’t have any prior experience when I took ICS class but I knew then that I wanted to continue taking that path. By joining all this, I learned to overcome my fear of public speaking. I used to be the student that sat at the back of the room and just wanted to be invisible but because I joined a lot of clubs I had to force myself to be stronger and be braver. I am glad that I decided to join all these which help me grow as a person. I am still a shy person but I already know how to interact with others. When I joined my spanish club, I was elected to be one of the officers. I never expected to win because I didn’t know anyone.  I learned how to become a leader.I was in my senior year when I became a treasurer but I mostly did the job because my fellow officers were seniors and they are all busy. I was the only one that had time. I became close with my spanish club advisor. Most students say she’s strict but I didn’t feel like it. I like that I learned a lot from them, I enjoyed going after class and during lunch to help her or just stay there. I am glad that I met them.  I will continue what I had started and hope that I will be a better person in the future. It is hard to get out of my comfort zone but I never regret that I forced myself to do it. 
